In this lecture we will create the home page for our website the home page will feature an image carousel
that will cycle through images.
Let's go inside of our home div and start to create this content.
First we will create a div that will be the container for our carousel.
We will give it to a class attribute with a value of position relative a bootstrap class that will give
all carrousel relative positioning on our Web page.
We will also give our divus style with the top value set to ninety pixels inside of this div.
Let's create another div we will assign our different idea of carrousel ID a class of carousel slide
and a data write attribute with a value of carrousel or carrousel will be broken up into two sections.
The actual images and the arrows that the user can use to toggle those images first we will add the
images themselves.
We will give our give a class value of carrousel item and a second class of active.
Then inside of our div we will add one of the images.
It will have a source of slide dot PLG a width of 100 percent a height of 500 and an all value of 1.
Since this is the first image in our carrousel we will have a total of three images in our Carrousel.
So let's make two more divs with class values of Carrousel.
Item an image elements inside of these div tags.
Next we will create the controls that the user can use to toggle between the images and all Carrousel.
Let's create the left arrow control for our carousel.
It will be an anchor tag with a class value of carrousel control Prevx on Tref of hash tag carrousel
ID and the data slide attribute with a value of Prevx inside of the anchor tag we will add a span element
with a class of carrousel control Prevx icon.
Let's create the right arrow control for our Carrousel.
It will be an anchor tag with a class value of carrousel control next on Tref of hash tag carrousel
ID and the data slide attribute with a value of next inside of the anchor tag we will add a span element
with a class of carrousel control next icon.
Let's run this code in the browser and see the result.
We should see that we now have an image carousel that cycles through the three images we added.
We can click on the left and right arrow controls on the carousel to go to the previous or next image
in the Carousel in the next lecture.
We will create the about page for a Web site.